Hannah Scooler

For dataflow diagram, see dataflow.pdf in this same misc folder. 

Spoofing: 
- I can create a website with a similar URL to the Tapirs Unlimited URL, so that if there is a 
common typo, people will mistakenly go to my site instead of the actual website. Then, when they 
try to log in to Tapirs Unlimited, I get access to their login credentials. Now I can log into 
their account on the actual Tapirs Unlimited, and boom. Spoofed. To prevent this, Tapirs Unlimited
can require two factor authentication so that even if I have their credentials, I still won't be 
able to access anyone's account without their personal phone that has the two factor authentication
app on it. 
- Since the IP address is static, I can figure out what exactly that IP address is. Then, I am able
to spoof the IP address, which will make other people think that I am Tapirs Unlimited. This is 
another way I will be able to get their credentials. Again, requiring two factor authentication 
would also prevent this. 

Tampering with data:
- Using the above methods to gain access to someone's account, I can then delete all of their 
pictures of tapirs or change the descriptions of the tapirs or change their address to something
random. This would mostly just be annoying, and again could be prevented by requiring two factor
authentication to prevent me from getting into someone else's account. 

Repudiation:
- I can do any of the above on a public library computer that doesn't require me to log in, so it 
would be practically impossible to trace any of my actions back to me. To prevent this repudation, 
Tapirs Unlimited could require users to verify an email address with their account. This could 
still be skirted if I just made a fake email account on the public library computer, and then I 
could still talk in the chats or upload things that couldn't be traced to me, but as long as there
is two factor authentication, then I probably couldn't do anything too harmful. 

Information disclosure:
- Using my patented spoofing technique, I can now see the credit card information and address and
other information on whomever's account I logged into. To prevent this, Tapirs Unlimited can show 
only part of the credit card and address, or require two factor authentication. 

Denial of service:
- By posing as an electrician or by breaking into Jeff's house, I can gain access to his home
computer. Since the database server is on this computer, if I proceed to just absolutely 
destroy Jeff's computer, this might break the database or prevent people from using the site. To
prevent this, Jeff could install some security measures to stop me from breaking into his house. 
Also, he could make me present proof that I actually work with the electricity company. 
- To deny service to a specific user, I could ruin their phone or whatever they keep their 2 factor
authentication on. It would be really hard to prevent this but it also would only prevent one 
person from using Tapirs Unlimited. 

Elevation of authorization:
- If I break into Jeff's house, I can use his desktop computer (or if break into his office I might
be able to steal his laptop). Then, he will hopefully have his password saved in the keychain and I
can gain access to his account. To prevent this, Jeff can just up his security measures, as listed
above. 
