Hannah Scooler

1. Alice and Bob should use Diffie-Hellman to agree on a shared secret key. Once they have this key 
K, Alice should encrypt the message M using AES, and send Bob the ciphertext C = AES(K,M). Bob can 
then decrypt the message using the same secret key, and get the message doing M = AES_D(K,C). Eve 
will not be able to read the message, because she will not have the key.

2. Alice should use SHA-256 to hash the message M, and then send M concatenated with the encrypted
hash of the message using her secret key. This would mean Alice would send M || C to Bob, where
C = E(H(M), S_A). Essentially, Alice would be sending the message plus her digital signature. Bob 
would be able to confirm that the message hadn't been changed because he could use SHA-256 as well
to get H(M), and then do D(C,P_A) to get H(M) and make sure the same digest was produced by both.
If they are not the same, then Bob knows that the message was corrupted. Mal would not be able to 
modify the message to a corrupted message X without Bob knowing, because she would not have Alice's
secret key. Thus, she would not be able to encrypt C_X = E(H(X), S_A) to send X || C_X, and Bob 
would know that without Alice's digital signature, he shouldn't trust the message. 

3. Alice and Bob should use Diffie-Hellman to get their shared secret key. Then, Alice could use 
AES to encrypt the message M, and send that with a digital signature. Thus, Alice would have C = 
AES(K,M) and Sig = E(H(M), S_A), and would send Bob C || Sig. Bob would be able to decrypt C to get
M = AES_D(K,C) and decrypt Sig to get H(M) = D(Sig, P_A). By using SHA-256 to get H(M), Bob could 
check to make sure that both H(M) were the same, and know that the message had not been changed. 
Again, Bob would have confidence that only Alice could have sent this message, because no one else 
would have had access to her secret key to encrypt Sig. Eve will not be able to read M, because she
does not have the key to get M from C. 

4. Alice could claim that an attacker had been able to get access to her secret key and to encrypt
a false contract using this. I would find this pretty plausible, although it might damage Alice's
reputation to show that her security had been so easily breached. It might draw into question how 
carefully she was protecting her key. Another claim she could make might be that P_A isn't her 
public key. Perhaps someone impersonated her and fed Bob the wrong public key. Then Bob would have 
believed that Alice was the one who digitally signed the contract, when it was someone else. This
is less plausible than the first option since it would have required more work to create a false 
website/image of Alice to give Bob a false public key that he believed was real. However, it is 
still a legitimate concern, especially if the contract was something that attackers might really be
interested in, like weapon production. Finally, Alice could claim that Bob had used the wrong 
decryption algorithm, rather than the symmetrical opposite to the encryption algorithm she had 
used. As the judge, I would find this incredibly improbable, as the chances that an entirely 
unrelated algorithm could have produced plaintext that would have made sense as a contract to Bob
seem very slim. 

5. Sig_CA would consist of E(S_CA, H(TBS)), where TBS would be the part of the certificate with
"bob.com" and P_B. Everyone would have P_CA, TBS, and H, and so would be able to calculate 
D(P_CA,Sig_CA). Then they could check H(P_B) to make sure it equaled that formula to validate 
the certificate.

6. This is not enough, because everyone has access to Cert_B. In order to show Alice that Bob is 
actually the OWNER of the certificate, he would need to encrypt a message with the secret key that
goes with the public key in the certificate. Therefore, Bob and Alice could do Diffie-Hellman to
get a shared secret key K, and then Bob could send Alice C = E(K, S_B). If Alice can decrypt the 
message to get K = D(C, P_B) and that K is the same value as their shared key, then Alice will know
that Bob has the secret key going with the certificate. 

7. First, if Mal were able to convince the Certificate Authority that she were the owner of bob.com, 
then they would sign the certificate for her saying that she was Bob. Then she really would have
the secret key going with bob.com and would be able to convince Alice that this means that she is
Bob. Second, Bob could establish with Alice that he was who he said he was and had the secret key,
and once Alice was convinced, Mal could start redirecting the messages so that she were the one
actually talking to Alice, rather than Bob. This is especially true if after the initial 
confirmation, Alice doesn't require Bob to keep encrypting his messages with his secret key. 